Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
I’m the Japan Tourism Ambassador
The work of a Japan Tourism Ambassador...
Consists of introducing Japan to the entire world
It’s because of that, that they let me make several videos, but...
...There’s still a lot that's left to say
It's because of that, that I'll be presenting: "These are the Japanese"!
In this case, let's start at once!
A.I.Channeeeel!
One of the positive aspects of Japan
It's that it's a very safe country!
Even if you lose an item, they make sure to bring it back to you
And even though you walk alone at night...
...There's a lot of safe places!
Even women don't need to worry!!
But plastic umbrellas that are left in stores...!
...Tend to be taken by another person!
It's a very safe place and everyone is really friendly!
But...!
They alway steal...!
...Plastic umbrellas!
Another positive aspect...
...Is that Japan is following a policy of Free Barriers
Creating an environment of easy access...
...For a lot of people...
That’s a very positive aspect, right?
But the mechanical escalators...!!
In posters and announcements, it's said...
..."If you go up without walking, use the second line"
And in reality, everyone leaves an open line
And there is a rule that this line is used to advance by walking
Also...
Also!
The line changes depending on the region, whether it's Kantou or Kansai...
...It’s the right or the left line
How are you supposed to know that!?
That what they say is different from the internal rules that everyone follows
Doesn't it seem strange?
If those rules exists, make sure to say them!
Another positive aspect is...
...That in Japan, exists the culture of "Honorific speech"
Superiors are respected
I think it's an extremely good culture
In addition...
...The fact that everyone takes care of these rules...
...Is one of the positive aspects of Japan, right?
For example, polite language
(More information on Wikipedia: "Honorific speech in Japanese")
Respectful language
And humble language!
(More information on Wikipedia: "Honorific speech in Japanese")
No!
There are too many honorific languages!!
And I don't understand the difference between them!
I know that creating and protecting certain rules is something very positive of Japan, but...
...There's so many rules...
...That I can't grasp them all!!
Honorific speech is a language created...
...To demonstrate respect toward another person, right?
And even then...
"Eh?"
"How is this said in honorific speech?"
Don't you wind up looking for a lot of words in Google?
"Please let me serve you!! Please let me serve you!!
(AI-chan is using a very uncommon honorific word)"
Good!
Having said that, I’ve shown you the positive aspects of Japan!
Eh? I didn't do it?
Then!!
I don't plan on accepting complaints nor objections!!
After all, what I really wanted to say to you is...
That Japan is a nice place so come all, everyone
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex and Lacrymac